HOME / CONTACT / Planning proposal / scenario acceptance
Project proposal/scenario reception

Submission of documents
Synopsis and script of a proposal or scenario (required)
※ If there are multiple attachments, please compress them and attach them (file size is up to 10M)
※ The documents you submitted will be reviewed by the department and contacted individually by the selected people.

Select an item
Please choose between a proposal or a scenario


Choose.
Name
Please enter your real name

Date of birth
ex)19800525

Gender
a man and woman
Contact Us
Please enter your contact number without '-'

E-mail
Please enter your email

a project proposal
Please attach a plan (file size is maximum 10M)

File There is no attached file attached.
Scenario
Please attach the scenario (file size is maximum 10M)

File There is no attached file attached.
Guitar
Please attach additional files or other files (file size is up to 10M)

File There is no attached file attached.
Self-PR / What I want to say
Please tell us what you want to say or promote yourself

Consent to collect and use personal information
In accordance with Articles 15 and 17 of the Personal Information Protection Act, I submit a proposal/scenario to your company
I agree to collect, use, and provide personal information with the contents below.

Personal information items that you collect

IMTV Co., Ltd. is collecting the following personal information to receive planning proposals/scenarios.
- Collection items: name, date of birth, gender, contact information, e-mail, service usage history, access log, cookie, access IP information
- Personal information collection method: homepage

■ Purpose of collecting and using personal information
IMTV Co., Ltd. utilizes the collected personal information for the following purposes.
- There is no use of information other than consultation for planning/scenario review.

■ Period of storage and use of personal information
- Your personal information will be kept as follows, and if the purpose of collection, use, and provision is achieved, it will be processed in accordance with Article 21 of the Personal Information Protection Act.
I agree to collect and use personal information.